and it came to pass in the eleventh year
and it came to pass in the eleventh year on the first day of the month that the
on the first day of the month that the
on the first day of the month that the word of the Lord came to me saying son
word of the Lord came to me saying son
word of the Lord came to me saying son of man because taya has said against
of man because taya has said against
of man because taya has said against Jerusalem ah ha
Jerusalem ah ha
Jerusalem ah ha she is broken who was the Gateway of the
she is broken who was the Gateway of the
she is broken who was the Gateway of the peoples now she is turned over to me I
peoples now she is turned over to me I
peoples now she is turned over to me I shall be filled
shall be filled
shall be filled she is laid waste behold I am against
she is laid waste behold I am against
she is laid waste behold I am against you Oh tile and will cause many nations
you Oh tile and will cause many nations
you Oh tile and will cause many nations to come up against you as the sea causes
to come up against you as the sea causes
to come up against you as the sea causes its waves to come up and they shall
its waves to come up and they shall
its waves to come up and they shall destroy the walls of time and break down
destroy the walls of time and break down
destroy the walls of time and break down her tolerance
her tolerance
her tolerance I will also scrape her dust from her and
I will also scrape her dust from her and
I will also scrape her dust from her and make her like the top of a rock it shall
make her like the top of a rock it shall
make her like the top of a rock it shall be a place for spreading nets in the
be a place for spreading nets in the
be a place for spreading nets in the midst of the sea for I have spoken it
midst of the sea for I have spoken it
midst of the sea for I have spoken it shall become plunder for the nations
shall become plunder for the nations
shall become plunder for the nations also her daughter villages which are in
also her daughter villages which are in
also her daughter villages which are in the fields shall be slain by the sword
the fields shall be slain by the sword
the fields shall be slain by the sword then they shall know that I am
behold I will bring against tyre from
behold I will bring against tyre from the north Nebu kanessa king of babylon
the north Nebu kanessa king of babylon
the north Nebu kanessa king of babylon King of Kings with horses with chariots
King of Kings with horses with chariots
King of Kings with horses with chariots and with horsemen and an army with many
and with horsemen and an army with many
and with horsemen and an army with many people he will slay with the sword your
people he will slay with the sword your
people he will slay with the sword your daughter villages in the fields he will
daughter villages in the fields he will
daughter villages in the fields he will heap up a siege round against you build
heap up a siege round against you build
heap up a siege round against you build a wall against you and raise a defense
a wall against you and raise a defense
a wall against you and raise a defense against you he will direct his battering
against you he will direct his battering
against you he will direct his battering rams against your walls and with his
rams against your walls and with his
rams against your walls and with his axes he will break down your towers
axes he will break down your towers
axes he will break down your towers because of the abundance of his horses
because of the abundance of his horses
because of the abundance of his horses their dust will cover you your walls
their dust will cover you your walls
their dust will cover you your walls will shake up the noise of the horsemen
will shake up the noise of the horsemen
will shake up the noise of the horsemen the wagons and the chariots when he
the wagons and the chariots when he
the wagons and the chariots when he enters your gates as men enter a city
enters your gates as men enter a city
enters your gates as men enter a city that has been breached
that has been breached
that has been breached with the hooves of his horses he will
with the hooves of his horses he will
with the hooves of his horses he will trample all your streets he will slay
trample all your streets he will slay
trample all your streets he will slay your people by the thorn and your strong
your people by the thorn and your strong
your people by the thorn and your strong pillars will
pillars will
pillars will the ground they will plunder your riches
the ground they will plunder your riches
the ground they will plunder your riches and pillage your merchandise they break
and pillage your merchandise they break
and pillage your merchandise they break down your walls and destroy your
down your walls and destroy your
down your walls and destroy your Pleasant houses they will lay your
Pleasant houses they will lay your
Pleasant houses they will lay your stones your timber and your soil in the
stones your timber and your soil in the
stones your timber and your soil in the midst of the water I will put an end to
midst of the water I will put an end to
midst of the water I will put an end to the sound of your songs and the sound of
the sound of your songs and the sound of
the sound of your songs and the sound of your hops shall be heard no I will make
your hops shall be heard no I will make
your hops shall be heard no I will make you like the top of a rock you shall be
you like the top of a rock you shall be
you like the top of a rock you shall be a place for spreading nets and you shall
a place for spreading nets and you shall
a place for spreading nets and you shall never be rebuilt or I the LORD have
never be rebuilt or I the LORD have
never be rebuilt or I the LORD have spoken says the Lord God thus says the
spoken says the Lord God thus says the
spoken says the Lord God thus says the Lord God to tyre will the coastlands not
Lord God to tyre will the coastlands not
Lord God to tyre will the coastlands not shake at the sound of your fall when the
shake at the sound of your fall when the
shake at the sound of your fall when the wounded cry when slaughter is made in
wounded cry when slaughter is made in
wounded cry when slaughter is made in the midst of you then all the princes of
the midst of you then all the princes of
the midst of you then all the princes of the sea will come down from their
the sea will come down from their
the sea will come down from their thrones lay aside their robes and take
thrones lay aside their robes and take
thrones lay aside their robes and take off their embroidered garments they will
off their embroidered garments they will
off their embroidered garments they will clothe themselves with trembling they
clothe themselves with trembling they
clothe themselves with trembling they will sit on the ground tremble every
will sit on the ground tremble every
will sit on the ground tremble every moment and be astonished at you
moment and be astonished at you
moment and be astonished at you and they will take up a lamentation for
and they will take up a lamentation for
and they will take up a lamentation for you and say to you how you have perished
you and say to you how you have perished
you and say to you how you have perished o one inhabited by seafaring men only
o one inhabited by seafaring men only
o one inhabited by seafaring men only noun City who was strong at sea
noun City who was strong at sea
noun City who was strong at sea she and her inhabitants who calls their
she and her inhabitants who calls their
she and her inhabitants who calls their terror to be on all her inhabitants
terror to be on all her inhabitants
terror to be on all her inhabitants now the coastlands tremble on the day of
now the coastlands tremble on the day of
now the coastlands tremble on the day of your fall yes the coastlands by the sea
your fall yes the coastlands by the sea
your fall yes the coastlands by the sea are troubled at your departure for thus
are troubled at your departure for thus
are troubled at your departure for thus says the Lord God when I make you a
says the Lord God when I make you a
says the Lord God when I make you a desolate City like cities that are not
desolate City like cities that are not
desolate City like cities that are not inhabited when I bring the deep upon you
inhabited when I bring the deep upon you
inhabited when I bring the deep upon you and great waters cover you
and great waters cover you
and great waters cover you then I will bring you down with those
then I will bring you down with those
then I will bring you down with those who descend into the pit to the people
who descend into the pit to the people
who descend into the pit to the people of old and I will make you dwell in the
of old and I will make you dwell in the
of old and I will make you dwell in the lowest part of the earth in places
lowest part of the earth in places
lowest part of the earth in places desolate from antiquity with those who
desolate from antiquity with those who
desolate from antiquity with those who go down to the pit so that you may never
go down to the pit so that you may never
go down to the pit so that you may never be inhabited and I shall establish glory
be inhabited and I shall establish glory
be inhabited and I shall establish glory in the land of the living I will make
in the land of the living I will make
in the land of the living I will make you a terror and you shall be no more
you a terror and you shall be no more
you a terror and you shall be no more though you are sought for you will never
though you are sought for you will never
though you are sought for you will never be found again says the Lord God